## Why Simple BDD instead of Cucumber?
Cucumber is the tool most people think of when mentioning Behavior-Driven Development. Cucumber is an excellent tool for this, and BDD using Cucumber follows the same process as BDD using SimpleBDD.  There are three main differences between SimpleBDD and Cucumber:
- In Cucumber, step definitions are matched to steps using regular expressions. In SimpleBDD, step defintions are translated into method names.
- In Cucumber, step definitions are global.  In SimpleBDD, features and scenarios are contained within their own class context.
- Cucumber is separate from RSpec, and your features and step definitions live outside the spec/ directory in your application.  SimpleBDD lives alongside RSpec, putting its files in spec/features, and the feature tests are run by default when you run RSpec.

The upshot of the design differences is that SimpleBDD encourages you to isolate each feature its step definitions, whereas Cucumber encourages you to share.  In small projects, Cucumber tends to be simpler, but in larger projects, step definitions tend to be spread across many files, making it difficult to figure out what you have already defined.  While both Cucumber and SimpleBDD use instance variables to share context across step definitions, large Cucumber projects tend to cause confusion about which instance variables are defined and what they mean unless you are quite careful about organizing your steps.  Since SimpleBDD makes you take specific measures to share steps across features, it's easier to keep track of these shared steps and what they define.  The close integration between SimpleBDD and RSpec is a matter of convenience.
